Now, we understand the Redshift architecture,
we understand how ETL is going to work to Redshift.
We want to focus a little bit on actually building the actual cluster.
So, let's build our first Redshift cluster,
and to do that,
we can actually simply do it with the click of a button
almost and that will be your first exercise In this lesson.
I will also try to demo it for you.
For all our work is very important that we assume that they're going to be working in
the Oregon AWS region and in the us-west-2.
So, the idea is you go and pick the Redshift service,
and there you click quick launch.
Okay. So, once you hit quick launch button,
you come here and the most important thing to note here is
the type of machine you are choosing for the cluster.
Actually, we're going to work with the dc2 large,
that's actually the cheapest of them,
and we're going to have actually here four machines.
Actually, in the beginning for the quick launch cluster
because we're going to spin it and close it down,
even one or two would be okay,
but for all the exercises actually,
if we're going to do real work,
we're going to spend four of these.
You can put a cluster identifier,
your username and password,
and that's the port,
and you just click launch cluster.
Once you do that,
it takes three or four minutes for this to turn on.
Then, you will have a button here called the query editor,
and you open it,
and once you open it,
you will find a sequel window here where you
can actually start executing your statements.